#Apokalypsis apokalypseos, or, The revelation revealed being a practical exposition on the revelation of St. John : whereunto is annexed a small essay, entituled Quinto-Monarchiæ, cum Quarto Omologia, or, A friendly complyance between Christ's monarchy, and the magistrates / by William Hicks ...#

##Hicks, William, 1621-1660.##
Apokalypsis apokalypseos, or, The revelation revealed being a practical exposition on the revelation of St. John : whereunto is annexed a small essay, entituled Quinto-Monarchiæ, cum Quarto Omologia, or, A friendly complyance between Christ's monarchy, and the magistrates / by William Hicks ...
Hicks, William, 1621-1660.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A43/A43727.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A43/A43727.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-12044302e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2008-10__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2008-12__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2009-02__ __John Pas__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2009-02__ __John Pas__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2009-09__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
GULLELMUS HICKS GEN. ATAT•S 〈◊〉 1658.Though Thou no Prophet art, nor Prophets SonWithout their SpiriἈΠΟΚΆΛΥΨΙΣ ἈΠΟΚΆΛΥΨΕΩΣ, OR, The Revelation Revealed Being a Practical EXPOSITION On the Revelation o
1. To the Right Worſhipful Sr Richard Chyverton, Late Lord Mayor of the Honourable City of LONDON.

1. To the Judicious Chriſtian READER:

1. The Preface.
A Catalogue of diverſe Queſtions, in this Treatiſe diſcuſſed.WHether this Book of Revelation, be of 
#####Body#####
〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, Or, PRAECOGNITA. THE REVELATION OF Iohn the Divine.CHAP. I.VER. I. The Re
    _ 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, Or, PRAECOGNITA. THE REVELATION OF Iohn the Divine.

      * Chap. I. Verſe 1, 2, 3.
Verſe 2. Who bare Record of the Word of God, and of the Teſtimony of Jeſus Chriſt, and of all thingsVerſe 3. Bleſſed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this Propheſie, and keep thoſe Verſe 4. John to the ſeven Churches in Aſia, Grace be unto you, and Peace from him which is, and whiVerſ. 5. And from Jeſus Chriſt, who is the faithful Witneſs, and the firſt-begotten of the dead, andVerſ. 7. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye ſhall ſee him, and they alſo which pierced himVerſe 8. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, ſaith the Lord, which is, and which wasVerſe 9. I John, even your brother and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Verſ. 10. I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a Trumpet.Verſ. 11.  I am Alpha and Omega, the firſt and the laſt; and what thou ſeest, write in a book, and ſVerſ. 12. And I turned to ſee the voice that ſpake with me, and being turned, I ſaw ſeven golden CanVerſe 14. His head and hairs were white, as white wool, and as ſnow, and his eyes were as a flame ofVerſe 16. And he had in his right hand ſeven Stars; and out of his mouth went a ſharp two edged ſworVerſe 17. And when I ſaw him, I fell at his feet as dead; then he laid his right hand upon me, ſayinVerſ. 18. I am the firſt and the laſt; and I am alive, but I was dead, and behold I am alive for eveVerſe 19. Write the things which thou haſt ſeen, and the things which are, and the things which ſhalVerſe 1. Unto the Angel of the Church of Epheſus, write theſe things, ſaith he that holdeth the ſeveVerſe 2. I know thy works, and labour, and thy patience, and how thou canſt not forbear them which aVerſe 3. And haſt born, and hast patience, and for my names ſake haſt laboured, and haſt not faintedVerſe 4. Nevertheleſs I have ſomwhat against thee, becauſe thou haſt left thy firſt love.We have heaVerſe 5. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do thy firſt works; or elſeVerſe 6. But this thou haſt, that thou hateſt the works of the Nicolaitans, which I alſo hate.ChriſtVerſe 7. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches: To him that overVerſe 8. And unto the Angel of the Church in Smyrna, Write theſe things, ſaith the firſt and the laſVerſe 10. Fear none of thoſe things which thou ſhalt ſuffer; Behold, the Divel ſhall caſt ſome of yoVerſ. 11.  Let him that hath an ear, hear what the Spirit ſaith to the Churches. He that overcometh,Verſ. 12.  And to the Angel of the Church which is at Pergamus, write, this ſaith he which hath the Verſ. 13.  I know thy works, and where thou dwelleſt, even where Satan's ſeat is; and thou heldest fVerſ. 14.15.  But I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou haſt there them that hold the doctrVerſ. 16. Repent or elſe I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight againſt them with the ſword oVerſ. 17. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches. To him that oveVerſ. 18.  And unto the Angel of the Church of Thyatira write, Theſe things ſaith the Son of God, whVerſ. 19.  I know thy works, and charity, and ſervice, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works, aVerſ. 20.  Notwithſtanding, I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou ſuffereſt that woman JezaVerſ. 21. I gave her ſpace to repent of her fornication, and ſhe repented not.Verſ. 22. Behold, I wiVerſ. 23.  And I will kill her children with death; and all the Churches ſhall know that I am he whiVerſ. 24. But unto you I ſay and to the reſt in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and whiVerſ. 26. And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over tVerſe 28. And I will give him the morning Star.This is an additional degree of happineſs to the overVerſ. 29. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.Let the wiſe intVerſe 1. And unto the Angel of the Church in Sardis, write theſe theſe things, ſaith he, that hath tVerſ. 2. Be thou watchful and ſtrengthen the things which remain that are ready to dy; for I have noVerſe 3. Remember therefore how thou haſt received, and heard, and hold faſt, and repent; if therefoVerſ. 4.  Thou haſt a few names even in Sardis, which have not defiled their garments, and they ſhalVerſ. 5. He that overcometh, the ſame ſhall be clothed in white rayment, and I will not blot his namVerſe 6. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.This verſe formerVerſe 7. And to the Angel of the church of Philadelphia, write, Theſe things ſaith he that is holy, Verſ. 8.  I know thy works, behold I have ſet before thee an open door, and no man can ſhut it; for Verſ. 9. Behold I will make them of the Sinagogue of Satan, which call themſelves Jews and are not, Verſ. 10.  Becauſe thou haſt kept the word of my patience, I alſo will keep thee from the houre of tVerſ. 11.  Behold I come quickly, hold that faſt which thou haſt, that no man take thy crown.Chriſt Verſe 12. Him that overcometh, will I make a pillar in the Temple of my God, and he ſhall go no moreVerſ. 13.  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the churches.If it be demandVer. 14. And unto the Angel of the church of the Laodiceans, write theſe things, ſaith the Amen, theVerſe 15. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot; I would thou wert cold or hot.This cVerſ. 16.  Therefore becauſe thou art luke-warm, and neither cold nor hot, it will come to paſs thatVerſ. 17.  Becauſe thou ſayeſt I am rich, and encreaſed with goods, and have need of nothing, and knVerſe 18. I counſel thee to buy of me Gold tryed in the fire, that thou mayeſt be rich, and white raVerſ. 19.  As many as I love, I rebuke and chaſten: be Zealous therefore, and Repent.If it be demandVerſ. 20.  Behold I ſtand at the door and knock, if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I willVerſe 21. To him that overcometh, will I grant to ſit with me in my Throne, even as I alſo overcame,Verſ. 22. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.He that is an un
    _ THE REVELATION Revealed.

      * Chap. I. Verſe 1, 2, 3.
Verſe 2. Who bare Record of the Word of God, and of the Teſtimony of Jeſus Chriſt, and of all thingsVerſe 3. Bleſſed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this Propheſie, and keep thoſe Verſe 4. John to the ſeven Churches in Aſia, Grace be unto you, and Peace from him which is, and whiVerſ. 5. And from Jeſus Chriſt, who is the faithful Witneſs, and the firſt-begotten of the dead, andVerſ. 7. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye ſhall ſee him, and they alſo which pierced himVerſe 8. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, ſaith the Lord, which is, and which wasVerſe 9. I John, even your brother and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Verſ. 10. I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a Trumpet.Verſ. 11.  I am Alpha and Omega, the firſt and the laſt; and what thou ſeest, write in a book, and ſVerſ. 12. And I turned to ſee the voice that ſpake with me, and being turned, I ſaw ſeven golden CanVerſe 14. His head and hairs were white, as white wool, and as ſnow, and his eyes were as a flame ofVerſe 16. And he had in his right hand ſeven Stars; and out of his mouth went a ſharp two edged ſworVerſe 17. And when I ſaw him, I fell at his feet as dead; then he laid his right hand upon me, ſayinVerſ. 18. I am the firſt and the laſt; and I am alive, but I was dead, and behold I am alive for eveVerſe 19. Write the things which thou haſt ſeen, and the things which are, and the things which ſhalVerſe 1. Unto the Angel of the Church of Epheſus, write theſe things, ſaith he that holdeth the ſeveVerſe 2. I know thy works, and labour, and thy patience, and how thou canſt not forbear them which aVerſe 3. And haſt born, and hast patience, and for my names ſake haſt laboured, and haſt not faintedVerſe 4. Nevertheleſs I have ſomwhat against thee, becauſe thou haſt left thy firſt love.We have heaVerſe 5. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do thy firſt works; or elſeVerſe 6. But this thou haſt, that thou hateſt the works of the Nicolaitans, which I alſo hate.ChriſtVerſe 7. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches: To him that overVerſe 8. And unto the Angel of the Church in Smyrna, Write theſe things, ſaith the firſt and the laſVerſe 10. Fear none of thoſe things which thou ſhalt ſuffer; Behold, the Divel ſhall caſt ſome of yoVerſ. 11.  Let him that hath an ear, hear what the Spirit ſaith to the Churches. He that overcometh,Verſ. 12.  And to the Angel of the Church which is at Pergamus, write, this ſaith he which hath the Verſ. 13.  I know thy works, and where thou dwelleſt, even where Satan's ſeat is; and thou heldest fVerſ. 14.15.  But I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou haſt there them that hold the doctrVerſ. 16. Repent or elſe I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight againſt them with the ſword oVerſ. 17. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches. To him that oveVerſ. 18.  And unto the Angel of the Church of Thyatira write, Theſe things ſaith the Son of God, whVerſ. 19.  I know thy works, and charity, and ſervice, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works, aVerſ. 20.  Notwithſtanding, I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou ſuffereſt that woman JezaVerſ. 21. I gave her ſpace to repent of her fornication, and ſhe repented not.Verſ. 22. Behold, I wiVerſ. 23.  And I will kill her children with death; and all the Churches ſhall know that I am he whiVerſ. 24. But unto you I ſay and to the reſt in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and whiVerſ. 26. And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over tVerſe 28. And I will give him the morning Star.This is an additional degree of happineſs to the overVerſ. 29. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.Let the wiſe intVerſe 1. And unto the Angel of the Church in Sardis, write theſe theſe things, ſaith he, that hath tVerſ. 2. Be thou watchful and ſtrengthen the things which remain that are ready to dy; for I have noVerſe 3. Remember therefore how thou haſt received, and heard, and hold faſt, and repent; if therefoVerſ. 4.  Thou haſt a few names even in Sardis, which have not defiled their garments, and they ſhalVerſ. 5. He that overcometh, the ſame ſhall be clothed in white rayment, and I will not blot his namVerſe 6. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.This verſe formerVerſe 7. And to the Angel of the church of Philadelphia, write, Theſe things ſaith he that is holy, Verſ. 8.  I know thy works, behold I have ſet before thee an open door, and no man can ſhut it; for Verſ. 9. Behold I will make them of the Sinagogue of Satan, which call themſelves Jews and are not, Verſ. 10.  Becauſe thou haſt kept the word of my patience, I alſo will keep thee from the houre of tVerſ. 11.  Behold I come quickly, hold that faſt which thou haſt, that no man take thy crown.Chriſt Verſe 12. Him that overcometh, will I make a pillar in the Temple of my God, and he ſhall go no moreVerſ. 13.  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the churches.If it be demandVer. 14. And unto the Angel of the church of the Laodiceans, write theſe things, ſaith the Amen, theVerſe 15. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot; I would thou wert cold or hot.This cVerſ. 16.  Therefore becauſe thou art luke-warm, and neither cold nor hot, it will come to paſs thatVerſ. 17.  Becauſe thou ſayeſt I am rich, and encreaſed with goods, and have need of nothing, and knVerſe 18. I counſel thee to buy of me Gold tryed in the fire, that thou mayeſt be rich, and white raVerſ. 19.  As many as I love, I rebuke and chaſten: be Zealous therefore, and Repent.If it be demandVerſ. 20.  Behold I ſtand at the door and knock, if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I willVerſe 21. To him that overcometh, will I grant to ſit with me in my Throne, even as I alſo overcame,Verſ. 22. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.He that is an un
    _ CHAP. II.

      * Chap. I. Verſe 1, 2, 3.
Verſe 2. Who bare Record of the Word of God, and of the Teſtimony of Jeſus Chriſt, and of all thingsVerſe 3. Bleſſed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this Propheſie, and keep thoſe Verſe 4. John to the ſeven Churches in Aſia, Grace be unto you, and Peace from him which is, and whiVerſ. 5. And from Jeſus Chriſt, who is the faithful Witneſs, and the firſt-begotten of the dead, andVerſ. 7. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye ſhall ſee him, and they alſo which pierced himVerſe 8. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, ſaith the Lord, which is, and which wasVerſe 9. I John, even your brother and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Verſ. 10. I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a Trumpet.Verſ. 11.  I am Alpha and Omega, the firſt and the laſt; and what thou ſeest, write in a book, and ſVerſ. 12. And I turned to ſee the voice that ſpake with me, and being turned, I ſaw ſeven golden CanVerſe 14. His head and hairs were white, as white wool, and as ſnow, and his eyes were as a flame ofVerſe 16. And he had in his right hand ſeven Stars; and out of his mouth went a ſharp two edged ſworVerſe 17. And when I ſaw him, I fell at his feet as dead; then he laid his right hand upon me, ſayinVerſ. 18. I am the firſt and the laſt; and I am alive, but I was dead, and behold I am alive for eveVerſe 19. Write the things which thou haſt ſeen, and the things which are, and the things which ſhalVerſe 1. Unto the Angel of the Church of Epheſus, write theſe things, ſaith he that holdeth the ſeveVerſe 2. I know thy works, and labour, and thy patience, and how thou canſt not forbear them which aVerſe 3. And haſt born, and hast patience, and for my names ſake haſt laboured, and haſt not faintedVerſe 4. Nevertheleſs I have ſomwhat against thee, becauſe thou haſt left thy firſt love.We have heaVerſe 5. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do thy firſt works; or elſeVerſe 6. But this thou haſt, that thou hateſt the works of the Nicolaitans, which I alſo hate.ChriſtVerſe 7. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches: To him that overVerſe 8. And unto the Angel of the Church in Smyrna, Write theſe things, ſaith the firſt and the laſVerſe 10. Fear none of thoſe things which thou ſhalt ſuffer; Behold, the Divel ſhall caſt ſome of yoVerſ. 11.  Let him that hath an ear, hear what the Spirit ſaith to the Churches. He that overcometh,Verſ. 12.  And to the Angel of the Church which is at Pergamus, write, this ſaith he which hath the Verſ. 13.  I know thy works, and where thou dwelleſt, even where Satan's ſeat is; and thou heldest fVerſ. 14.15.  But I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou haſt there them that hold the doctrVerſ. 16. Repent or elſe I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight againſt them with the ſword oVerſ. 17. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches. To him that oveVerſ. 18.  And unto the Angel of the Church of Thyatira write, Theſe things ſaith the Son of God, whVerſ. 19.  I know thy works, and charity, and ſervice, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works, aVerſ. 20.  Notwithſtanding, I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou ſuffereſt that woman JezaVerſ. 21. I gave her ſpace to repent of her fornication, and ſhe repented not.Verſ. 22. Behold, I wiVerſ. 23.  And I will kill her children with death; and all the Churches ſhall know that I am he whiVerſ. 24. But unto you I ſay and to the reſt in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and whiVerſ. 26. And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over tVerſe 28. And I will give him the morning Star.This is an additional degree of happineſs to the overVerſ. 29. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.Let the wiſe intVerſe 1. And unto the Angel of the Church in Sardis, write theſe theſe things, ſaith he, that hath tVerſ. 2. Be thou watchful and ſtrengthen the things which remain that are ready to dy; for I have noVerſe 3. Remember therefore how thou haſt received, and heard, and hold faſt, and repent; if therefoVerſ. 4.  Thou haſt a few names even in Sardis, which have not defiled their garments, and they ſhalVerſ. 5. He that overcometh, the ſame ſhall be clothed in white rayment, and I will not blot his namVerſe 6. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.This verſe formerVerſe 7. And to the Angel of the church of Philadelphia, write, Theſe things ſaith he that is holy, Verſ. 8.  I know thy works, behold I have ſet before thee an open door, and no man can ſhut it; for Verſ. 9. Behold I will make them of the Sinagogue of Satan, which call themſelves Jews and are not, Verſ. 10.  Becauſe thou haſt kept the word of my patience, I alſo will keep thee from the houre of tVerſ. 11.  Behold I come quickly, hold that faſt which thou haſt, that no man take thy crown.Chriſt Verſe 12. Him that overcometh, will I make a pillar in the Temple of my God, and he ſhall go no moreVerſ. 13.  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the churches.If it be demandVer. 14. And unto the Angel of the church of the Laodiceans, write theſe things, ſaith the Amen, theVerſe 15. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot; I would thou wert cold or hot.This cVerſ. 16.  Therefore becauſe thou art luke-warm, and neither cold nor hot, it will come to paſs thatVerſ. 17.  Becauſe thou ſayeſt I am rich, and encreaſed with goods, and have need of nothing, and knVerſe 18. I counſel thee to buy of me Gold tryed in the fire, that thou mayeſt be rich, and white raVerſ. 19.  As many as I love, I rebuke and chaſten: be Zealous therefore, and Repent.If it be demandVerſ. 20.  Behold I ſtand at the door and knock, if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I willVerſe 21. To him that overcometh, will I grant to ſit with me in my Throne, even as I alſo overcame,Verſ. 22. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.He that is an un
    _ CHAP. III.

      * Chap. I. Verſe 1, 2, 3.
Verſe 2. Who bare Record of the Word of God, and of the Teſtimony of Jeſus Chriſt, and of all thingsVerſe 3. Bleſſed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this Propheſie, and keep thoſe Verſe 4. John to the ſeven Churches in Aſia, Grace be unto you, and Peace from him which is, and whiVerſ. 5. And from Jeſus Chriſt, who is the faithful Witneſs, and the firſt-begotten of the dead, andVerſ. 7. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye ſhall ſee him, and they alſo which pierced himVerſe 8. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, ſaith the Lord, which is, and which wasVerſe 9. I John, even your brother and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Verſ. 10. I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a Trumpet.Verſ. 11.  I am Alpha and Omega, the firſt and the laſt; and what thou ſeest, write in a book, and ſVerſ. 12. And I turned to ſee the voice that ſpake with me, and being turned, I ſaw ſeven golden CanVerſe 14. His head and hairs were white, as white wool, and as ſnow, and his eyes were as a flame ofVerſe 16. And he had in his right hand ſeven Stars; and out of his mouth went a ſharp two edged ſworVerſe 17. And when I ſaw him, I fell at his feet as dead; then he laid his right hand upon me, ſayinVerſ. 18. I am the firſt and the laſt; and I am alive, but I was dead, and behold I am alive for eveVerſe 19. Write the things which thou haſt ſeen, and the things which are, and the things which ſhalVerſe 1. Unto the Angel of the Church of Epheſus, write theſe things, ſaith he that holdeth the ſeveVerſe 2. I know thy works, and labour, and thy patience, and how thou canſt not forbear them which aVerſe 3. And haſt born, and hast patience, and for my names ſake haſt laboured, and haſt not faintedVerſe 4. Nevertheleſs I have ſomwhat against thee, becauſe thou haſt left thy firſt love.We have heaVerſe 5. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do thy firſt works; or elſeVerſe 6. But this thou haſt, that thou hateſt the works of the Nicolaitans, which I alſo hate.ChriſtVerſe 7. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches: To him that overVerſe 8. And unto the Angel of the Church in Smyrna, Write theſe things, ſaith the firſt and the laſVerſe 10. Fear none of thoſe things which thou ſhalt ſuffer; Behold, the Divel ſhall caſt ſome of yoVerſ. 11.  Let him that hath an ear, hear what the Spirit ſaith to the Churches. He that overcometh,Verſ. 12.  And to the Angel of the Church which is at Pergamus, write, this ſaith he which hath the Verſ. 13.  I know thy works, and where thou dwelleſt, even where Satan's ſeat is; and thou heldest fVerſ. 14.15.  But I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou haſt there them that hold the doctrVerſ. 16. Repent or elſe I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight againſt them with the ſword oVerſ. 17. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches. To him that oveVerſ. 18.  And unto the Angel of the Church of Thyatira write, Theſe things ſaith the Son of God, whVerſ. 19.  I know thy works, and charity, and ſervice, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works, aVerſ. 20.  Notwithſtanding, I have a few things againſt thee, becauſe thou ſuffereſt that woman JezaVerſ. 21. I gave her ſpace to repent of her fornication, and ſhe repented not.Verſ. 22. Behold, I wiVerſ. 23.  And I will kill her children with death; and all the Churches ſhall know that I am he whiVerſ. 24. But unto you I ſay and to the reſt in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and whiVerſ. 26. And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over tVerſe 28. And I will give him the morning Star.This is an additional degree of happineſs to the overVerſ. 29. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.Let the wiſe intVerſe 1. And unto the Angel of the Church in Sardis, write theſe theſe things, ſaith he, that hath tVerſ. 2. Be thou watchful and ſtrengthen the things which remain that are ready to dy; for I have noVerſe 3. Remember therefore how thou haſt received, and heard, and hold faſt, and repent; if therefoVerſ. 4.  Thou haſt a few names even in Sardis, which have not defiled their garments, and they ſhalVerſ. 5. He that overcometh, the ſame ſhall be clothed in white rayment, and I will not blot his namVerſe 6. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.This verſe formerVerſe 7. And to the Angel of the church of Philadelphia, write, Theſe things ſaith he that is holy, Verſ. 8.  I know thy works, behold I have ſet before thee an open door, and no man can ſhut it; for Verſ. 9. Behold I will make them of the Sinagogue of Satan, which call themſelves Jews and are not, Verſ. 10.  Becauſe thou haſt kept the word of my patience, I alſo will keep thee from the houre of tVerſ. 11.  Behold I come quickly, hold that faſt which thou haſt, that no man take thy crown.Chriſt Verſe 12. Him that overcometh, will I make a pillar in the Temple of my God, and he ſhall go no moreVerſ. 13.  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the churches.If it be demandVer. 14. And unto the Angel of the church of the Laodiceans, write theſe things, ſaith the Amen, theVerſe 15. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot; I would thou wert cold or hot.This cVerſ. 16.  Therefore becauſe thou art luke-warm, and neither cold nor hot, it will come to paſs thatVerſ. 17.  Becauſe thou ſayeſt I am rich, and encreaſed with goods, and have need of nothing, and knVerſe 18. I counſel thee to buy of me Gold tryed in the fire, that thou mayeſt be rich, and white raVerſ. 19.  As many as I love, I rebuke and chaſten: be Zealous therefore, and Repent.If it be demandVerſ. 20.  Behold I ſtand at the door and knock, if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I willVerſe 21. To him that overcometh, will I grant to ſit with me in my Throne, even as I alſo overcame,Verſ. 22. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit ſaith unto the Churches.He that is an un
**Types of content**

  * There are 32 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 178 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (178) : illegible (119), foreign (59)  •  @__resp__ (119) : #PDCC (117), #UOM (2)  •  @__extent__ (119) : 1 letter (93), 1 word (8), 1+ letters (2), 2 letters (11), 3 letters (4), 1 span (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|æèâ|230 232 226|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Greek|ΠΟΚΆΛΥΨΙΣΕΩΜΓΊΑΔοξμντΘε|928 927 922 902 923 933 936 921 931 917 937 924 915 906 913 916 959 958 956 957 964 920 949|
|GreekandCoptic|ΠΟΚΆΛΥΨΙΣΕΩΜΓΊΑΔοξμντΘε|928 927 922 902 923 933 936 921 931 917 937 924 915 906 913 916 959 958 956 957 964 920 949|
|GreekExtended|ἈὉὰῷ|7944 8009 8048 8183|
|General Punctuation|•…—|8226 8230 8212|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2011-04 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), OCLC (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|5||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|4||
|2.|__bibl__|78||
|3.|__body__|1||
|4.|__closer__|3||
|5.|__date__|1||
|6.|__dateline__|1||
|7.|__desc__|178||
|8.|__div__|73| @__type__ (73) : frontispiece (1), title_page (1), dedication (1), author_to_the_reader (1), preface (1), table_of_contents (1), text (1), prolegomena (1), chapter (3), verse (62)  •  @__n__ (66) : 1 (4), 1-3 (1), 2 (3), 3 (4), 4-5 (1), 5-6 (1), 7 (3), 8 (2), 9 (2), 10 (3), 11 (3), 12-13 (1), 14-15 (2), 16 (3), 17-18 (1), 18 (3), 19-20 (1), 2-3 (1), 4 (2), 5 (2), 6 (2), 8-9 (1), 12 (2), 13 (2), 17 (2), 19 (2), 20 (2), 21-22 (1), 23 (1), 24-25 (1), 26-27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1)|
|9.|__epigraph__|63||
|10.|__ex__|4||
|11.|__expan__|4||
|12.|__figure__|1||
|13.|__front__|1||
|14.|__g__|3043| @__ref__ (3043) : char:EOLhyphen (2990), char:punc (47), char:V (1), char:abque (4), char:EOLunhyphen (1)|
|15.|__gap__|178| @__reason__ (178) : illegible (119), foreign (59)  •  @__resp__ (119) : #PDCC (117), #UOM (2)  •  @__extent__ (119) : 1 letter (93), 1 word (8), 1+ letters (2), 2 letters (11), 3 letters (4), 1 span (1)|
|16.|__head__|11||
|17.|__hi__|3950| @__rend__ (3) : sup (3)|
|18.|__item__|88||
|19.|__l__|32||
|20.|__lg__|6||
|21.|__list__|3||
|22.|__opener__|2||
|23.|__p__|1145| @__n__ (142) : 1 (27), 2 (44), 3 (29), 4 (18), 5 (11), 6 (5), 7 (3), 8 (2), 9 (2), 10 (1)|
|24.|__pb__|358| @__facs__ (358) : tcp:53073:1 (2), tcp:53073:2 (2), tcp:53073:3 (2), tcp:53073:4 (2), tcp:53073:5 (2), tcp:53073:6 (2), tcp:53073:7 (2), tcp:53073:8 (2), tcp:53073:9 (2), tcp:53073:10 (2), tcp:53073:11 (2), tcp:53073:12 (2), tcp:53073:13 (2), tcp:53073:14 (2), tcp:53073:15 (2), tcp:53073:16 (2), tcp:53073:17 (2), tcp:53073:18 (2), tcp:53073:19 (2), tcp:53073:20 (2), tcp:53073:21 (2), tcp:53073:22 (2), tcp:53073:23 (2), tcp:53073:24 (2), tcp:53073:25 (2), tcp:53073:26 (2), tcp:53073:27 (2), tcp:53073:28 (2), tcp:53073:29 (2), tcp:53073:30 (2), tcp:53073:31 (2), tcp:53073:32 (2), tcp:53073:33 (2), tcp:53073:34 (2), tcp:53073:35 (2), tcp:53073:36 (2), tcp:53073:37 (2), tcp:53073:38 (2), tcp:53073:39 (2), tcp:53073:40 (2), tcp:53073:41 (2), tcp:53073:42 (2), tcp:53073:43 (2), tcp:53073:44 (2), tcp:53073:45 (2), tcp:53073:46 (2), tcp:53073:47 (2), tcp:53073:48 (2), tcp:53073:49 (2), tcp:53073:50 (2), tcp:53073:51 (2), tcp:53073:52 (2), tcp:53073:53 (2), tcp:53073:54 (2), tcp:53073:55 (2), tcp:53073:56 (2), tcp:53073:57 (2), tcp:53073:58 (2), tcp:53073:59 (2), tcp:53073:60 (2), tcp:53073:61 (2), tcp:53073:62 (2), tcp:53073:63 (2), tcp:53073:64 (2), tcp:53073:65 (2), tcp:53073:66 (2), tcp:53073:67 (2), tcp:53073:68 (2), tcp:53073:69 (2), tcp:53073:70 (2), tcp:53073:71 (2), tcp:53073:72 (2), tcp:53073:73 (2), tcp:53073:74 (2), tcp:53073:75 (2), tcp:53073:76 (2), tcp:53073:77 (2), tcp:53073:78 (2), tcp:53073:79 (2), tcp:53073:80 (2), tcp:53073:81 (2), tcp:53073:82 (2), tcp:53073:83 (2), tcp:53073:84 (2), tcp:53073:85 (2), tcp:53073:86 (2), tcp:53073:87 (2), tcp:53073:88 (2), tcp:53073:89 (2), tcp:53073:90 (2), tcp:53073:91 (2), tcp:53073:92 (2), tcp:53073:93 (2), tcp:53073:94 (2), tcp:53073:95 (2), tcp:53073:96 (2), tcp:53073:97 (2), tcp:53073:98 (2), tcp:53073:99 (2), tcp:53073:100 (2), tcp:53073:101 (2), tcp:53073:102 (2), tcp:53073:103 (2), tcp:53073:104 (2), tcp:53073:105 (2), tcp:53073:106 (2), tcp:53073:107 (2), tcp:53073:108 (2), tcp:53073:109 (2), tcp:53073:110 (2), tcp:53073:111 (2), tcp:53073:112 (2), tcp:53073:113 (2), tcp:53073:114 (2), tcp:53073:115 (2), tcp:53073:116 (2), tcp:53073:117 (2), tcp:53073:118 (2), tcp:53073:119 (2), tcp:53073:120 (2), tcp:53073:121 (2), tcp:53073:122 (2), tcp:53073:123 (2), tcp:53073:124 (2), tcp:53073:125 (2), tcp:53073:126 (2), tcp:53073:127 (2), tcp:53073:128 (2), tcp:53073:129 (2), tcp:53073:130 (2), tcp:53073:131 (2), tcp:53073:132 (2), tcp:53073:133 (2), tcp:53073:134 (2), tcp:53073:135 (2), tcp:53073:136 (2), tcp:53073:137 (2), tcp:53073:138 (2), tcp:53073:139 (2), tcp:53073:140 (2), tcp:53073:141 (2), tcp:53073:142 (2), tcp:53073:143 (2), tcp:53073:144 (2), tcp:53073:145 (2), tcp:53073:146 (2), tcp:53073:147 (2), tcp:53073:148 (2), tcp:53073:149 (2), tcp:53073:150 (2), tcp:53073:151 (2), tcp:53073:152 (2), tcp:53073:153 (2), tcp:53073:154 (2), tcp:53073:155 (2), tcp:53073:156 (2), tcp:53073:157 (2), tcp:53073:158 (2), tcp:53073:159 (2), tcp:53073:160 (2), tcp:53073:161 (2), tcp:53073:162 (2), tcp:53073:163 (2), tcp:53073:164 (2), tcp:53073:165 (2), tcp:53073:166 (2), tcp:53073:167 (2), tcp:53073:168 (2), tcp:53073:169 (2), tcp:53073:170 (2), tcp:53073:171 (2), tcp:53073:172 (2), tcp:53073:173 (2), tcp:53073:174 (2), tcp:53073:175 (2), tcp:53073:176 (2), tcp:53073:177 (2), tcp:53073:178 (2), tcp:53073:179 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (3) : simple:additions (3)  •  @__n__ (314) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (2), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (2), 166 (2), 167 (1), 168 (1), 176 (1), 172 (2), 173 (1), 171 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 213 (2), 214 (2), 211 (1), 212 (1), 215 (1), 220 (2), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 229 (2), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (2), 230 (1), 231 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 263 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 258 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1)|
|25.|__q__|86||
|26.|__salute__|2||
|27.|__seg__|4| @__rend__ (4) : decorInit (4)|
|28.|__signed__|3||
|29.|__trailer__|1||
